# New Features

## Updated version checking

A lot of issues have come up recently due to people updating Nucleus but not their Sponge servers. I've updated
the version check to gracefully fail if Sponge API 7.1 is not found.

This will also fail with bleeding Sponge builds - but Nucleus doesn't work with them anyway.

You can disable this check by setting the `nucleusnocheck` property (`-Dnucleusnocheck`).

## \[API] Added `NucleusTextTemplateEvent`

This event is fired when a `NucleusTextTemplate` is sent to command sources. If the originator is the 
broadcast or plain broadcast commands, this event will be `NucleusTextTemplate.Broadcast`. 

## \[API] Relaxed requirements for the cause for the Home events

They used to require the `PluginContainer` at the root, now they don't.

# Under the Hood Changes

These are changes that should not affect players, but are here for informational purposes,
and may be of interest to developers working on the Sponge platform seeking greater understanding
of Nucleus.

## Chat formatting

The way the chat messages are handled by Nucleus has been changed slightly. This is due to research
after an issue opened by XadepSDK concerning compatibility with Nanochat. Nucleus now uses the 
Sponge modular chat system and does less to break compatibility with other plugins that might want
to add tokens to chat.

If you wish for maximum compatibility with Nucleus, please either:

* Use the Nucleus Message Tokens system
* Add `SimpleTextTemplateApplier`s to the event formatter, rather than unilaterally changing the body/header/footer.

# Bugfixes

* Fix class cast exception when using some chat plugins in combination with Nucleus
* Fix cooldowns on `/tpa` being created regardless of success (now it'll only start when a teleport has occurred).